In a world where the population is projected to reach 10 billion by less than 30 years, ensuring food security and nutrition for future generations is a challenge we must overcome.
Introducing Bottani: The Future of Sustainable 
With a growing global population and increasing demand for food we face the challenges in providing affordable and nutritious food for all.
Conventional farming struggles with time and energy efficiency.
Intuition-based farming often leads to non optimal yields and waste of resouces.
And yet, young generations has low interest in the agricultural industry.

Meet Bottani, the solar-powered farming robot. Equipped with advanced sensors and AI technology, Bottani efficiently manages irrigation, fertilization, and monitoring. ensuring optimal growth and reducing resource waste.
Bottani embodies the essence of Smart Farming and Precision Farming. Through real-time data collection and analysis Bottani delivers accurate and data-driven agricultural practices.
Bottani boasts a powerful 100AH battery capacity allowing up to 3 hours of uninterrupted operation without solar input and a quick recharge with its 1000WP solar panel. With a remarkable movement accuracy of up to 1cm. Bottani efficiently covers 1 hectare of land in just 3 hours equivalent to the work of 10 manual laborers in 4 hours.
Bottani serves as a catalyst for achieving two major goals in the SDG framework. 
First, SDG number 2, Zero Hunger. 
The agricultural productivity resulting from precise and efficient farming techniques will produce a surplus of food, thus helping to reduce hunger.
Second, SDG 7: Affordable and Clean Energy.
 By utilizing solar panels, farmers do not have to worry about rising fuel and electricity costs. 
The use of solar panels also leaves no carbon footprint, so this innovation not only saves humans but also saves the planet.

Join the agricultural revolution with Bottani. Visit our website at www.bottani.com to learn more and be a part of the change.

Bottani: Nurturing Sustainable Agriculture for a Brighter Future